DOCS-1051: Add guidance on requirements.txt (#1712)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/extend/modular-resources/create/_index.md

One option is to create and save a new shell script (<file>.sh</file>) that runs your module at your entry point (main program) file.

Make sure that you set up a Python virtual environment in the directory your module is in to compile your resource properly at execution.
See the [Python virtual environment documentation](https://docs.python-guide.org/dev/virtualenvs/) for more information.

You will also need to create a `requirements.txt` file containing a list of all the dependencies your module relies on.

> For example, a `requirements.txt` file with the following contents ensures that version `4.23.4` of `protobuf` and version `0.4.6` or later of the Viam Python SDK (`viam-sdk`) is installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a `requirements.txt` file with the following contents ensures that the Viam Python SDK (`viam-sdk`) is installed. You may also add additional dependencies as needed:
```

``` sh {id="terminal-prompt" class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}

> protobuf == 4.23.4 ; python_version >= "3.9"
> viam-sdk >= 0.4.6 ; python_version >= "3.9"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
viam-sdk
```
